README.md, before:

# Emu-Api

This library allows communication with a Rainforest Automation EMU-2 device.
It is a rewrite of Rainforest's Emu-Serial-API in Python 3, and follows a similar architectural pattern where possible.

### Installation
This library is distributed via pip and may be installed using `pip install emu-power`.

### Usage
This API can be used in asynchronous mode or synchronous mode. Technically, communication always happens asynchronously
with the Emu, but this library allows for a synchronous API to emulated.

As in Rainforest's library, we do not automatically start communication once the main object is instantiated. This
is done because the EMU-2 constantly pushes data to us over the serial connection, so we want to give the consumer
control over when this channel is opened. Before any commands are issued, the `start_serial(<serial port>)` method
must be called to open the serial port and begin receiving data.

The serial port name is the platform-specific device that
you wish to use. Note that unlike Rainforest's library, we do not attempt to detect the host platform or set
any port prefixes - this means that the full name of the device (prefixed with `COM` for Windows or `/dev` for OSX
and Linux, usually) must be used.

### Example Usage
#### Synchronous
```
from emu_power import Emu

api = Emu(synchronous=True)
api.start_serial("/dev/tty.usbmodem146101")

# This will return an instance of InstantaneousUsage, or None on timeout.
response = api.get_instantaneous_usage()
```

#### Asynchronous
```
from emu_power import Emu
from emu_power.response_entities import InstantaneousUsage
import time

api = Emu()
api.start_serial("/dev/tty.usbmodem146101")

# This will return immediately. The response data will become available
# when the device responds.
api.get_instantaneous_usage()
time.sleep(5)
response = api.get_data(InstantaneousUsage)
```

### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Not all commands have been thoroughly tested yet, since I
haven't have a reason to use some of them. This library was written both to provide a
more convenient interface with the EMU-2, as well as to get some experience writing
Python modules. Functionality and style improvements suggestions are welcome.

This library is based off of the XML spec for the Rainforest RAVEN, which may be found
[on Rainforest Automation's website](https://rainforestautomation.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/raven_xml_api_r127.pdf).
This spec is similar but not identical to the API that the EMU-2 uses. Some commands not
listed in this document were implemented based off of the official Python 2 library, which may
be [found on Github](https://github.com/rainforestautomation/Emu-Serial-API).

Commit message:

Some improvements to asynchronous mode Update readme with better examples Bump version

README.md, after:

# Emu-Api

This library allows communication with a Rainforest Automation EMU-2 device.
It is a rewrite of Rainforest's Emu-Serial-API in Python 3, and follows a similar architectural pattern where possible.

### Installation
This library is distributed via pip and may be installed using `pip install emu-power`.

### Usage
This API can be used in asynchronous mode or synchronous mode. Technically, communication always happens asynchronously
with the Emu, but this library allows for a synchronous API to emulated.

As in Rainforest's library, we do not automatically start communication once the main object is instantiated. This
is done because the EMU-2 constantly pushes data to us over the serial connection, so we want to give the consumer
control over when this channel is opened. Before any commands are issued, the `start_serial(<serial port>)` method
must be called to open the serial port and begin receiving data.

The serial port name is the platform-specific device that
you wish to use. Note that unlike Rainforest's library, we do not attempt to detect the host platform or set
any port prefixes - this means that the full name of the device (prefixed with `COM` for Windows or `/dev` for OSX
and Linux, usually) must be used.

### Example Usage
#### Synchronous
```
from emu_power import Emu

api = Emu(synchronous=True)
api.start_serial("/dev/tty.usbmodem146101")

# This will return an instance of InstantaneousUsage, or None on timeout.
response = api.get_instantaneous_usage()
```

#### Asynchronous
```
from emu_power import Emu
from emu_power.response_entities import InstantaneousUsage
import time

api = Emu()
api.start_serial("/dev/tty.usbmodem146101")

# This will return immediately. The response data will become available
# when the device responds.
api.get_instantaneous_usage()
time.sleep(5)
response = api.get_data(InstantaneousUsage)
```
Note: In real programs using asynchronous mode, it would probably make sense to make
use of the schedule function of the EMU-2. This sets the frequency that certain events
are sent, and allows for data to be received without constant polling. The schedule may
be set using the set_schedule(...) method of the API. After the schedule is set up, the
consuming program may periodically call the get_data method to access the most recent
received data.

### Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Not all commands have been thoroughly tested yet, since I
haven't have a reason to use some of them. This library was written both to provide a
more convenient interface with the EMU-2, as well as to get some experience writing
Python modules. Functionality and style improvements suggestions are welcome.

This library is based off of the XML spec for the Rainforest RAVEN, which may be found
[on Rainforest Automation's website](https://rainforestautomation.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/raven_xml_api_r127.pdf).
This spec is similar but not identical to the API that the EMU-2 uses. Some commands not
listed in this document were implemented based off of the official Python 2 library, which may
be [found on Github](https://github.com/rainforestautomation/Emu-Serial-API).
